# 4th Kompanie GD

I am writing this project for my 1st Milestone project and for my WW2 re-enactment group. We have a private facebook page and are in need of a website. The function would be to attract recruitment, inform WW2 enthusiast's of our event schedule and encourage event holders to consider inviting us to their events. We recieve a lot of attention during events and have handed business cards to enthusiast's with our details on. We have picked up a few recruits in this manner, and have processed the recruitment by inviting them to our next event and giving them 3 events without paying any subs. This enable the recruit time to decide if they want to remain in the group, if not then they can be directed to one of the other groups in the Northern World War 2 Association, which we are affiliated to. The 3 event period also give the group a chance to evaluate the recruit. We are a friendly team and welcome new recruits warmly, but have strict rules regarding authenticity during events and are strictly a non-political team. Recruits are buddied by one or more members and are supplied with spare kit until they buy their own. During te event hours there is no modern clothing worn, no mobile phones used in sight of the public and only realistic period food can be eaten, which is cooked in the camp, drinks must be consumed from period water bottles/cups. The public are entertained from touring the camp site, watching firing displays of blank firing weapons, and watching a staged battle with blank firing weapons and pyrotechnics.

**Strategy**

This project will aid the re-enactment group to recruit and have more communication with event holders. There is a huge interest in re-enactment events and in some of the larger ones, there are crowds of thousands. Some of the specialised weekends in small towns see the vast majority dressing in period dress. We engage the public and answer questions about uniforms, equipment and weapons. The interest is vast and people take photos with you all the time. We have a private Facebook account, so this website would increase the availablity to keen people who would like to join or read about the unit we portray. We have a lot of interest during events as to which one we will attend next, so listing our events and dates will help the interested people to see this information and chose which events they can attend.
